Slot Cost:
Small = 1
Point Defense = 1
Medium = 2
Torpedo = 2
Large = 4
Hangar = 4
X-Large = 8

### Corvette Mid = 6

CORVETTE_MID_S3 "Interceptor"
corvette_M1S1_entity
2x Medium
2x Small

CORVETTE_MID_M1S1 "Missile Boat"
corvette_M1S1_entity
2x Torpedo
2x Small

CORVETTE_MID_S2PD1 "Picket Ship"
corvette_S3_entity
4x Point Defense
2x Small

CORVETTE_MID_ARTILLERY "Artillery Ship" #New
corvette_S3_entity
1x Large
2x Small

CORVETTE_MID_HANGAR "Carrier" #New
corvette_S3_entity
1x Hangar
2x Point Defense

### Destroyer Bow = 8

DESTROYER_BOW_M1S2 "Gunship Bow"
destroyer_bow_M1S2_entity
2x Medium
4x Small

DESTROYER_BOW_S3 "Picket Ship Bow"
destroyer_bow_S3_entity
4x Point Defense
2x Small

DESTROYER_BOW_L1 "Artillery Bow"
destroyer_bow_L1_entity
2x Large

DESTROYER_BOW_HANGAR "Hangar Bow" #New
destroyer_bow_M1S2_entity
1x Hangar
4x Small

DESTROYER_BOW_DEVASTATOR "Devastator Bow" #New
destroyer_bow_L1_entity
1x X-Large

DESTROYER_BOW_MISSILE "Missile Bow" #New
destroyer_bow_S3_entity
2x Torpedo
2x Medium

### Destroyer Stern = 4

DESTROYER_STERN_PD2 "Picket Ship Stern"
destroyer_stern_S2_entity
2x Point Defense
2x Small

DESTROYER_STERN_S2 "Interceptor Ship Stern"
destroyer_stern_S2_entity
2x Medium

DESTROYER_STERN_M1 "Gunship Stern"
destroyer_stern_M1_entity
1x Large

DESTROYER_STERN_HANGAR "Hangar Stern" #New
destroyer_stern_M1_entity
1x Hangar

DESTROYER_STERN_MISSILE "Missile Stern" #New
destroyer_stern_S2_entity
1x Torpedo
2x Small

### Cruiser Bow = 8

CRUISER_BOW_L1 "Artillery Bow"
cruiser_bow_L1_entity
2x Large

CRUISER_BOW_M1S2 "Missile Bow"
cruiser_bow_M1S2_entity
2x Torpedo
2x Small
2x Point Defense

CRUISER_BOW_M2 "Broadside Bow"
cruiser_bow_M2_entity
4x Medium

CRUISER_BOW_DEVASTATOR "Devastator Bow" #New
cruiser_bow_L1_entity
1x X-Large

CRUISER_BOW_HANGER "Hanger Bow" #New
cruiser_bow_M1S2_entity
1x Hangar
2x Medium

CRUISER_BOW_ESCORT "Escort Bow" #New
cruiser_bow_M1S2_entity
2x Medium
2x Small
2x Point Defense

### Cruiser Mid = 12

CRUISER_MID_S2HB "Hangar Core"
cruiser_mid_S2HB_entity
4x Point Defense
2x Hangar

CRUISER_MID_L1M1 "Artillery Core"
cruiser_mid_M2S2_entity
2x Large
2x Medium

CRUISER_MID_M3 "Broadside Core"
cruiser_mid_M3_entity
6x Medium

CRUISER_MID_M2S2 "Missile Core"
cruiser_mid_M2S2_entity
4x Torpedo
2x Small
2x Point Defense

CRUISER_MID_DEVASTATOR "Devastator Core" #New
cruiser_mid_L1M1_entity
1x X-Large
1x Large

CRUISER_MID_ESCORT "Escort Core" #New
cruiser_mid_M3_entity
2x Medium
4x Small
4x Point Defense

### Cruiser Stern = 4

CRUISER_STERN_M1 "Broadside Stern"
cruiser_stern_S2_entity
2x Medium

CRUISER_STERN_S2 "Gunship Stern"
cruiser_stern_S2_entity
4x Small

CRUISER_STERN_ARTILLERY "Artillery Stern" #New
cruiser_stern_M1_entity
1x Large

CRUISER_STERN_HANGAR "Hangar Stern" #New
cruiser_stern_M1_entity
1x Hangar

CRUISER_STERN_MISSILE "Missile Stern" #New
cruiser_stern_S2_entity
2x Torpedo

CRUISER_STERN_ESCORT "Escort Stern" #New
cruiser_stern_S2_entity
2x Small
2x Point Defense

### Battleship Bow = 16

BATTLESHIP_BOW_L1M1S2 "Broadside Bow"
battleship_bow_L1M1S2_entity
2x Large
4x Medium

BATTLESHIP_BOW_L2 "Artillery Bow"
battleship_bow_L2_entity
4x Large

BATTLESHIP_BOW_M1S2SHB "Hangar Bow"
battleship_bow_M1S2SHB_entity
2x Hangar
2x Medium
4x Small

BATTLESHIP_BOW_M2S4 "Spinal Mount Bow" -> "Devastator Bow"
battleship_bow_XL1_entity
2x X-Large

BATTLESHIP_BOW_CARRIER "Carrier Bow" #New
battleship_bow_L2_entity
4x Hangar

BATTLESHIP_BOW_MISSILE "Missile Bow" #New
battleship_bow_L1M1S2_entity
6x Torpedo
4x Point Defense

BATTLESHIP_BOW_ESCORT "Escort Bow" #New
battleship_bow_L1M1S2_entity
4x Medium
4x Small
4x Point Defense

### Battleship Mid = 24

BATTLESHIP_MID_L2M2 "Broadside Core"
battleship_mid_L2M2_entity
4x Large
4x Medium

BATTLESHIP_MID_L3 "Artillery Core"
battleship_mid_L3_entity
6x Large

BATTLESHIP_MID_M4SHB "Hangar Core"
battleship_mid_M4SHB_entity
8x Medium
2x Hangar

BATTLESHIP_MID_S4LHB "Carrier Core"
battleship_mid_S4LHB_entity
4x Small
4x Point Defense
4x Hangar

BATTLESHIP_MID_DEVASTATOR "Devastator Core" #New
battleship_mid_L3_entity
3x X-Large

BATTLESHIP_MID_ESCORT "Escort Core" #New
battleship_mid_M4SHB_entity
4x Small
4x Point Defense
8x Medium

BATTLESHIP_MID_MISSILE "Missile Core" #New
battleship_mid_M4SHB_entity
4x Small
4x Point Defense
8x Torpedo

### Battleship Stern = 8

BATTLESHIP_STERN_L1 "Artillery Stern"
battleship_stern_L1_entity
2x Large

BATTLESHIP_STERN_M2 "Broadside Stern"
battleship_stern_M2_entity
4x Medium

BATTLESHIP_STERN_DEVASTATOR "Devastator Stern" #New
battleship_stern_L1_entity
1x X-Large

BATTLESHIP_STERN_ESCORT "Escort Stern" #New
battleship_stern_M2_entity
4x Small
4x Point Defense

BATTLESHIP_STERN_MISSILE "Missile Stern" #New
battleship_stern_M2_entity
4x Missile

BATTLESHIP_STERN_HANGAR "Hangar Stern" #New
battleship_stern_M2_entity
2x Hangar